[DOC] Empty limits are ineffective (#2264)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/managing-compute-resources.asciidoc

Cannot create pod elasticsearch-sample-es-ldbgj48c7r: pods "elasticsearch-sample-es-ldbgj48c7r" is forbidden: minimum memory usage per Container is 3Gi, but request is 2Gi
...................................

> To avoid this, you must define some resources in the specification so that the operator does not apply the default limits to the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this, explicitly define the requests and limits mandated by your environment in the resource specification. It will prevent the operator from applying the built-in defaults.
```
